I was not aware that Tesla's had an autopilot feature. I don't own or even have experience with any car smart enough to drive itself. The closest I have is the rear-view camera that is activated when I put my car into reverse.

Like anything else with electrical impulse, I knew that a smart car a.k.a., a CPU with data storage could be hacked. I just wasn't aware how incompetent Tesla was when inventing its car key fob. There are a myriad of security measures that must have been bypassed. I'm more likely to believe that the opportunity to hack was made available due to a user error (like sending a password via email in plain-text) rather than cracking just about all of the hardware and software. Moreover, I don't see the point of hacking a Tesla as surely the car may be tracked, and, the hacker would also be found in a myriad of ancillary services like battery charging. Arguably, GPS can not be disabled and so there is no way to hide from the authorities. There are other operational controls that can be administered remotely like shutting down the car. Perhaps, the parts are worth more than the software such as the engine and dashboard and computer components. 

Between software IP protection and so-called planned obsolesce, I doubt the software is crackable. I do not believe an electrical engineer could recreate or successfully disassemble a Tesla onboard computer. I'm even surprised that the WSJ would report upon and expose an unlicensed mechanic. This would certainly break ToS and render any warranty or serviceability for the particular vehicle void.

Anyway, like most all of technology and invention, there are always loopholes, imperfections, and user error. Just, please do not share your password with anyone and also rotate your passwords frequently. My son thought to post his Minecraft password in Discord and found his account compromised. The hacker was likely looking for any payment information - thankfully, there was none associated. We just needed to buy him a new account.
